Roles
Role 1
Understand customer needs and develop high-quality presentations, proposals and software demonstrations that speak to these needs ¨C building a consensus for change on a multi-stakeholder basis
Work with the Enterprise sales team to build, manage and maintain customer relationships
Provide pre-sales technical assistance to members of the sales team to ensure proper technical and business fit
Work with marketing on new product development
Present professional and personalised demos
Need to ensure prospective customers are aligned technically with the sales process
Need to understand and demonstrate the solution and how to integrate to other business systems
Role 2
Must Have:

Experience shaping the BI strategy from C-Level to Technical developers.
Extensive delivery of platform within a Business Intelligence and Analytics function.
Communication with stakeholders on all levels.
Understanding and experience within KPIs, identifying data sources, building a visualization map and dashboarding.
Led and built a Business Intelligence function and team.
Background within Utilities, Energy, Oil & Gas.
Role 3
Key Responsibilities

Lead customers in the creation of new digital solutions which foster their competitive advantage
Enhance and build digital transformation roadmaps
Link digital capabilities to our clients business strategy
Develop C-suite and line-of-business relationships within the customer organization
Define, guide and implement innovation programs ¨C governance, portfolio mix and business fit
Establish the use of cloud services as a means to drive innovation
Collaborate with other AWS specialist teams to drive and shape solutions to accelerate our customer¡¯s business outcomes
Basic Qualifications

Experience with a major consulting firm or experience in a corporate role delivering strategy and operations projects with an emphasis in business transformation at the intersection of new operating models and new digital technologies.
Experience in two or more of the following transformation practice areas: ERP (business process architecture and solution implementation), business case and use case development, financial modelling, BI and Analytics strategy and implementation, complex program management, enterprise business / process / IT architectures, executive agenda items and metrics.
Broad understanding of how businesses operate and compete and an understanding of the relationship between major functional areas of the product-centric enterprise (design, plan, procure, manufacture, distribute, service).
Ability to analyse financial and operational data and synthesize findings in common business language.
Experience in using Design Thinking Principles to structure a customer¡¯s thinking and flush out innovative concepts.
Deep understanding of change management practices, particularly stakeholder analysis, workforce readiness and leadership communications.
Strong background in one of the following methodologies: Sigma, Agile/SCRUM, SAFe
Understanding of modern cloud delivery models (Public, Private and Hybrid).
Great business writing and presentation skills.
Excellent communication skills in English
This is a customer facing role. You will be required to travel to client locations to deliver professional services as needed
Preferred Qualifications

Broad understanding of enterprise systems in large organizations and trends in cloud applications, system integration, and mobile technologies.
Excellent program management skills including developing project plans, resourcing and budgeting projects, and managing a disciplined execution methodology with both internal (direct) and external (indirect) team members.
Experience implementing one or more enterprise solutions on premise and/or in the cloud: ERP, PLM, IoT / Connected Products or Operations, Supply Chain functions as specified above.
Passion for helping customers transform using cloud technologies.